The first vending machine was invented in 215 BC and dispensed holy water.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.
The only letter that doesn't appear in any U.S. state name is Q.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
The hottest temperature ever recorded on Earth was 134°F in Death Valley, California in 1913.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from sand.
Babies have around 100 more bones than adults since some fuse together as they grow.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
Apples are 25% air, which is why they float in water.
A newborn kangaroo is about 1 inch long.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
A jiffy is an actual unit of time equal to 1/100th of a second.
The word "set" has the most definitions of any word in the English language.
Cats have fewer toes on their back paws than their front paws.
The Louvre museum is the largest museum in the world.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
The tip of a whip travels faster than the speed of sound.
Blue whales heart is the size of a VW Beetle.
There are more chickens than people in the world.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every 2 weeks.
The dot over an i is called a tittle.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Rats cannot throw up.
Rabbit's teeth never stop growing.
Honey does not spoil.
A flock of crows is known as a murder.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a Friday the 13th.
Cats have over 100 vocal chords.
Peanuts are not technically nuts.
More Monopoly money is printed yearly than real money.
Pinocchio is Italian for "pine head”.
The most common surname worldwide is Chang.
A newborn kangaroo is only about 1 inch long.
Sonic the Hedgehog's full name is Ogilvie Maurice Hedgehog.
A cockroach can live for weeks without its head.
Snakes can predict earthquakes.
Cherophobia is an irrational fear of fun.
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
Pigs are smarter than 3 year old human children.
Seahorse males give birth to young, not the females.
Sharks have been around longer than trees.
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.
Heroin was once marketed to children as a cough medicine.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
The Queen owns all the swans in the Thames.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Baby puffins are called pufflings.
The 100 folds in a chef's hat represent 100 ways to cook an egg.
The longest English word is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
Your body contains enough carbon to make 900 pencils.
Ants stretch when they wake up in the morning.
"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all letters in alphabetical order.
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
Hiccups can last months or even years in some rare cases.
Pluto was considered a planet for 76 years before being reclassified as a dwarf planet in 2006.
The French word for "paperclip" is "trombone”.
The average person sheds 40 pounds of skin in their lifetime.
The dot on top of the letter i is called a title.
Here are some more interesting facts in column format:

Sea otters hold hands when they sleep to keep from drifting apart.

The world's largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand. It is over 18 feet long.

Turkeys can blush when they are excited or embarrassed.

The fortune cookie was invented in San Francisco, not China.

The King of Hearts is the only king without a mustache on a standard playing card.

Most lipstick contains fish scales for shine.

In 1865, the U.S. Secret Service was first established to combat the counterfeiting of money.

The color orange is named after the fruit, not the other way around.

Camel's milk does not curdle.

Queen Elizabeth II is a trained mechanic.

Apples belong to the rose family, as do pears and plums.

The average woman blinks almost twice as much as the average man.

Los Angeles' full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora la Reina de los Ángeles del Río Porciúncula”.

A collection of hippos is called a bloat.

White chocolate isn't technically chocolate, since it contains no cocoa solids or chocolate liquor.

Mosquito repellents don't actually repel mosquitoes - they hide you by blocking their sensors.

At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.

An eggplant is botanically a berry. Strawberries aren't technically berries.

The "save" icon depicts a floppy disk, which many modern users have never seen.

There is enough DNA in the average person's body to stretch from Pluto to the Sun and back 17 times.

The Nobel Peace Prize is the only Nobel Prize not presented in Sweden. It is awarded in Norway.

Human thumbs make up about 50 percent of the hand's function.

Seahorse mates intertwine their tails and may stay that way for several days.

Your right lung can take in more air than your left.

The Golden Gate Bridge makes noise as it expands and contracts due to temperature changes.

Scientists have tracked butterflies traveling over 3,000 miles.

Head lice can jump up to 6 feet, which is 50,000 times their own body length.
Here are some more interesting facts in a single column:

Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.

A flock of crows is known as a murder.

February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.

A baby puffin is called a puffling.

The hottest temperature ever recorded on Earth was 134°F in Death Valley, California in 1913.

The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.

It takes 364 licks to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop.

The average person walks the equivalent of three times around the world in a lifetime.

A group of kangaroos is called a mob.

Apples float because they are 25% air.

The first vending machine dispensed holy water in Egypt in the 1st century AD.

The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast it breaks the sound barrier.

Octopuses have three hearts.

Marie Curie’s notebooks are still radioactive.

The word “lethologica” describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.

Honey does not spoil and has been found in Egyptian tombs over 3000 years old.

The deepest point on Earth is called Challenger Deep and is over 36,000 feet deep.

There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.

The average person spends 6 months of their lifetime waiting at red lights.

The shortest war on record lasted 38 minutes between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896.

Bats are the only mammals that can actually fly.

One habit people have in common around the world is looking at the time 11:11.

Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.

Queen Elizabeth II is a trained auto mechanic.

Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The famous line "Elementary, my dear Watson" was never actually spoken in the Sherlock Holmes books.

A sheep, duck and rooster were the first hot air balloon passengers in 1783.

Vanilla flavoring comes from the seed pods of an orchid.

A flamingo can only eat when its head is upside down.

The color orange was named after the fruit, not the other way around.

Armadillos can hold their breath for up to 6 minutes under water.

A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.

Lobsters pee out of their faces.

Facetious is the only word that contains all the vowels in alphabetical order.

The Hundred Years War between England and France actually lasted 116 years.

Bulls are colorblind and cannot see the red hue of capes.

The dot over the lowercase i is called a tittle.

Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift apart.

Frogs do not need to drink water as they absorb it through their skin.

The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.

The world's largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand.

Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun.

The King of Hearts is the only king without a mustache in a standard deck of cards.

An eggplant is a berry, while strawberries are not technically berries.

Humans shed about 600,000 particles of skin every hour.

Peanuts are not technically nuts, they are legumes.

The Fortune Cookie was invented in San Francisco, not China.

A collection of hippos is called a bloat.
The smell of freshly cut grass is actually a plant distress call.

Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.

A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.

The letter J does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements.

The "save" icon on computers depicts a floppy disk, which many modern users have never seen.

Cats have fewer toes on their back paws than front paws.

Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.

In space, astronauts cannot cry because there is no gravity, so tears can't flow.

The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.

The most stolen car in the U.S. is the Honda Accord.

The Hawaiian alphabet only has 13 letters.

A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21 inch tongue.

The surface area of Russia is larger than the surface area of Pluto.

The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.

Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a Friday the 13th.

On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.

A sneeze can travel up to 100 mph.

Rats cannot throw up.

Goose bumps are a remnant of our evolutionary ancestors.

Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.

A baby puffin is called a puffling.

The fortune cookie was invented in San Francisco, not China.

Human eyelids contain an average of 200 mites per square inch.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.

The leaning Tower of Pisa was built to stand vertically but started leaning during construction in the 12th century when the foundation began to sink.

The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.

A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.

The first soda drank on the moon was a Coca-Cola in 1971.

Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards.

A group of rhinos is called a crash.

While many think ivory comes from elephant tusks, it can also come from walrus, hippo, sperm whale, killer whale, and narwhal tusks.

A snail can sleep for 3 years at one time.

Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark.

The Statue of Liberty wears a size 879 shoe.

A collection of kangaroos is called a mob.

The first toy advertised on TV was Mr. Potato Head in 1952.

The longest one-syllable word in English is "screeched."

Cherophobia is an irrational fear of fun or happiness.

The plastic things at the ends of shoelaces are called aglets.

The word "queue" is the only word with just one vowel followed by four consonants.

68 different muscles in the face are used to speak.

Goosebumps are caused by tiny muscles at the base of each hair.

Polar bears are left handed.

Some sea sponges are over 2000 years old.

A group of hedgehogs is called an array.
The King of Hearts is the only king without a mustache on a standard playing card.

Cats spend nearly 1/3 of their waking hours grooming themselves.

Peanuts are an ingredient in dynamite.

The Twitter bird has a name - Larry.

The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.

The only mammals that can't jump are elephants and sloths.

Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive today.

The first person convicted of speeding was going 8 mph.

On Venus a day is longer than a year.

Strawberries aren't actually berries, but bananas, avocados, pumpkins, and watermelon are.

The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from human fingerprints.

Anne Frank and Martin Luther King Jr. were born in the same year.

Snails have 14,000 teeth and some can even kill fish.

Armadillos always give birth to quadruplets.

A flock of crows is known as a murder.

The fortune cookie was invented in San Francisco.

Honey has been found in Egyptian tombs over 3000 years old and still edible.

The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896. It lasted only 38 minutes.

Bats are the only mammals that can actually fly.

In space, astronauts cannot cry because there is no gravity so tears can't flow.

Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.

Stewardesses is the longest word typed with only the left hand.
The King of Hearts is the only king without a mustache in a standard deck of cards.

Apples belong to the rose family, as do pears and plums.

Cats have fewer toes on their back paws than front paws.

The plastic things on the ends of shoelaces are called aglets.

The Lego Group is the world's largest tire manufacturer by number of tires produced.

In 1865 the U.S. Secret Service was first established to combat counterfeit money.

Seahorses mate for life and "hold hands" by intertwining their tails.

February 1865 is the only month in history not to have a full moon.

The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast it breaks the sound barrier with a sonic boom.

Lobsters can live up to 100 years.

The smell of freshly cut grass is actually a distress call made by the grass.

Facetious is the only word that contains all the vowels in alphabetical order.

Stewardesses is the longest word typed solely with the left hand.

Months starting on a Sunday will always have a Friday the 13th.

The Fortune Cookie was invented in San Francisco, not China.

A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.

A collection of hippos is called a bloat.

A group of rhinos is called a crash.

While many think ivory comes from elephants, it can also come from walrus and narwhal tusks.

The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.